Now as I explain of course our promise could also fail.
So what do you think will help me if I rejected and pass fail.
Do you think we'll now see the Heidrun.
Well we just don't see anything because that will handle the case that we're successful.
But we weren't.
So we don't see that here.
But I can pass a second parameter to the function.
Currently I only have one dysfunction but I can also pass a function to handle the error case.
So like this.
And then we could simply log error to the console.
So what do you think we'll now see.
I had run.
Well that we see failed after one and a half second because we reject the promise.
Now of course you could have where you would have some conditional check in your promise to see if you
want to reject it or not.
So if you want to actually call the resolve or the reject function because again a good example of your
way of reaching out to a server.
Most of the time this should be successful but you would implement both checks to make sure that you
handle everything correctly and well in your case